Enhancement One:

The artifact that was enhanced is the Pet BAG project in IT-145. The company wanted a management system where they could manage the dogs and cats as they were just using paper to do it. In the original project, I had to develop a console system where I create the different functions such as update a pet, check in a pet etc. In this enhancement, I create the front end of a full stack application.
The reason this artifact was selected is because I love dogs and cats and building a full stack application using frameworks I am familiar with sounded fun. How the artifact was improved was by making a front end and by having pictures and a login screen.
The course outcomes planned to be met were met with this enhancement. For the second part, I will be adding the back end (Spring Boot) and connecting Angular with Spring Boot. 
As I was enhancing and modifying the artifact, more ideas were coming to my head. Due to time constraints, I cannot implement everything I want, but if I had more time, I would have spent more time in the planning phase and added even more features. I will admit I am not an expert at Angular or Spring Boot, but by creating this project, I am learning more about both. So far, I have not run into any major challenges besides some that took only 20 minutes at most to solve such as structuring some of the HTML pages.


Enhancement Two:

The artifact that was worked on was the continuation of the Pet Bag project. It includes a List to retrieve the dogs and cats from a database which will be completed in part three. 
The reason for this item being selected is because when creating any management system, one might want to get back more than one piece of data and to go through each one individually would take a lot of time. Specific components of the artifact that showcase my skills and abilities is making it for the Cat and Dog classes and by show casing that faster data structures can be implemented…. This artifact was improved by including it in the full stack application and it working with the soon to be database and other classes such as the service class and controller. 
In the course outcome, I planned to make it where a user could check in multiple pets, but due to time constraints, I was only able to implement returning multiple pets. As far as outcome-coverage, I plan to get as much implemented as I can.
Enhancing and modifying the artifact has been a little frustrating at times, but also rewarding. I am learning more about Angular and Spring Boot and other methods of the List. Some challenges I faced were not so much implementing the List, but bringing everything together and making sure that different data types matched up. 

Enhancement Three:

The artifact that I decided to go with is adding a MongoDB database to Spring Boot. Part of it was created in enhancement two, but not fully implemented until this one. The reason this artifact was selected is because when creating a pet management system, you need a place to store files after you are done running the software. Having to write everything instead or not utilizing any storage system can lead to the business failing as one might forget something or it will make things complicated. Specific components of the artifact that showcase my skills include creating a repository package, using an annotation in the main file to enable mongo repositories and using CRUD methods. There was no database in the initial project and only paper was being used to keep track of everything so quite a bit was improved as with databases, it is harder to lose the data.
In module one, I had plans to implement a few CRUD methods. While not completely connected, the CRUD methods were written. In terms of outcome-coverage plans, I did not get as much as I would have liked done, but a good portion is covered.
Some challenges I faced in this enhancement is getting it completely connected to Spring Boot and writing one of the methods. With the method, I learned that you must name it a certain way for it to work or else it will not be recognized. 
